The project which we are building is an Airline Database System. It comes under the Airport authority. The proposed project is for the airline employees as well as for passengers for their ease of travel and so that airline employees can quickly make changes in the system. We have built a Kiosk system for passengers to print their ticket quickly.
The current system will allow passengers to print ticket without actually going to the counter. The system will allow the employees working at the airport to add a meal plan for a passenger. The employees working at the catering system will be allowed to add different type of meal plans with the option of vegetation or non-vegetarian food. The employees working at the central authority will be allowed to update the flight database by adding new flight that have been planned by different airlines.
We want to ease the travelling experience for passengers and decrease the time spent in lines at the airport to print tickets, we also want to provide them cuisines and meal options which we don’t get to choose before the flight. The database will allow passengers to choose their meal preference before boarding the flight. We are focusing more on the needs of older passengers, it will be easy for them to print tickets without long queues.
The aim is to structure a database, where airport administration can access the data which is relevant to their requirement. The database system would be managed in a way that all the information will be in a relational table format about customer details, airline details as well as customer preferences. The purpose of this system is to increase automation and remove the physical paperwork that is involved.
The analysis will be shown through forms and report
